yeah cook watch a fight not him
and we've been operating here on the
walking trail for me it's just a little
over four years
the reason why we started the business
he was directly influenced by the trial
into boxes
and we see the
fantastic advice to have
old block riders come
our location here man
online right Walton sorry the long ball
crowd but it's at the intersection of
the world inside that shop is fronted to
the waterfront so
direct all that business to the world
control
but if you're a road bike rider you know
you can write
right
that's completely fine you get a
fluidized station and right off the
trail to our from me
here at cocky man Evelyn we provide
services for the trial uses you know we
advertise ourselves now as Walton trail
specialists which is yeah it's what we
are people who are riding on the trail
and have mechanical issues we can fix
them pretty much on the spot we have a
full workshop here to repair bikes we do
services of course during the week but
on Sundays which is our busiest day we
do a lot of the most repairs to get
rolling because not many places that can
help help likewise a hospital located
right on the trail our other services
also cater for Walton trail users so we
have full range cold rooms hot beans
smoothies energy bars and our freshly
made muffins that's our specialty and
Sundays we do egg pies but on the back
side of things we also hire lots of
great range of bikes we have a cup of
comfort box and our man box one of the
things that we'll be featuring you now
shopping waters is our retro rental
lounge which are 1916 and 1917 cruises
dragsters and even a nice tender cute so
it's pretty exciting a retro into in
Morton but it's not only by guys walked
and trail it's a shared trail and so
that's Walker's horse riders and bike
riders as a common courtesy that you
with respect
or or users on the trail
we're not talking to people about the
trial in which box always say it's a
public trial respect other users and
respective so this horse why this we've
got a hitch up front also I just come
and we often give them lots of apples
the people who use the web to trail is
completely buried
we have overseas visitors who are
wanting to see the Arabella it's amazing
countryside it goes into a couple of
little towns and villages great
facilities in the towns there's people
who actually commute on the trail but
it's a fantastic journey from Lily out
to Warburton you go through some
beautiful places
my favorite part actors is around about
launching place where it goes through
the lowlands and you can actually see
the walked and ranges in the distance so
you can see where your destination is a
beautiful blue or too
which is sometimes snow-capped in the
winter
and along there it's all family that got
some beautiful gum trees and you're
concealing black copies
self-effacing black cockatoos as well
with the bird life and
Warner in general is fantastic
you